DynamoDB Policies (#6065)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/dynamodb/index.md

snippet: DynamoDBCustomClientProviderRegistration

## Permissions

Below is the list of minimum required [IAM policies for operating the DynamoDB persistence](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/security_iam_service-with-iam.html) with installers enabled: 

  - `dynamodb:CreateTable`,
  - `dynamodb:DescribeTable`,
  - `dynamodb:DescribeTimeToLive`,
  - `dynamodb:UpdateTimeToLive`,
  - `dynamodb:Query`,
  - `dynamodb:GetItem`,
  - `dynamodb:BatchWriteItem`,
  - `dynamodb:PutItem`,
  - `dynamodb:DeleteItem`

> If installers are disabled, or if `DisableTableCreation` is called, the `dynamodb:CreateTable` and `dynamodb:UpdateTimeToLive` policies are not required. 

Reviewer: I think DescribeTable is also only required when isntallers are enabled.

Author: Then we probably need to update our internal documentation too

Author: You are right. It is only used in the installer. Good catch

Author: Update the internal documentation too

> If installers are disabled, or if `DisableTableCreation` is called, the `dynamodb:CreateTable` and `dynamodb:UpdateTimeToLive` policies are not required. 

Author: ```suggestion
If installers are disabled, or if `DisableTableCreation` is called, the `dynamodb:CreateTable`, `dynamodb:DescribeTable` and `dynamodb:UpdateTimeToLive` policies are not required. 
```

> Below is the list of minimum required [IAM policies for operating the DynamoDB persistence](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/security_iam_service-with-iam.html) with installers enabled: 
> 
>   - `dynamodb:CreateTable`,
>   - `dynamodb:DescribeTable`,
>   - `dynamodb:DescribeTimeToLive`,
>   - `dynamodb:UpdateTimeToLive`,
>   - `dynamodb:Query`,
>   - `dynamodb:GetItem`,
>   - `dynamodb:BatchWriteItem`,
>   - `dynamodb:PutItem`,
>   - `dynamodb:DeleteItem`
> 
> If installers are disabled, or if `DisableTableCreation` is called, the `dynamodb:CreateTable`, `dynamodb:DescribeTable` and `dynamodb:UpdateTimeToLive` policies are not required. 

Reviewer: Since installers are not enabled by default, here's a suggestion to split the policies into two groups.

```suggestion
Below is the list of minimum required [IAM policies for operating the DynamoDB persistence](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/security_iam_service-with-iam.html) to use DynamoDB persistence:

  - `dynamodb:Query`,
  - `dynamodb:GetItem`,
  - `dynamodb:BatchWriteItem`,
  - `dynamodb:PutItem`,
  - `dynamodb:DeleteItem`
  
When installers are enabled (and table creation is not explicitly disabled via `DisableTableCreation`), the following permissions are required as well:

  - `dynamodb:CreateTable`,
  - `dynamodb:DescribeTable`,
  - `dynamodb:DescribeTimeToLive`,
  - `dynamodb:UpdateTimeToLive`,
```

I'm fine either way, feel free to chose what you feel works better. It's just a minor suggestion
